Improve some parts of the documentation. (#4996)
containous/traefik: docs/content/observability/logs.md

By default, logs are written to stdout, in text format.

## Configuration

### General

Traefik logs concern everything that happens to Traefik itself (startup, configuration, events, shutdown, and so on).

#### `filePath`

By default, the logs are written to the standard output.
You can configure a file path instead using the `filePath` option.

```toml tab="File"
# Writing Logs in a File
[log]
  filePath = "/path/to/traefik.log"
```

```bash tab="CLI"
# Writing Logs in a File
--log.filePath="/path/to/traefik.log"
```

#### `format`

By default, the logs use a text format (`common`), but you can also ask for the `json` format in the `format` option.   

```toml tab="File"
# Writing Logs in a File, in JSON
[log]
  filePath = "/path/to/log-file.log"
  format   = "json"
```

```bash tab="CLI"
# Writing Logs in a File, in JSON
--log.filePath="/path/to/traefik.log"
--log.format="json"
```

#### `level`

> By default, the `level` is set to `ERROR`, but you can choose amongst `DEBUG`, `PANIC`, `FATAL`, `ERROR`, `WARN`, and `INFO`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the `level` is set to `ERROR`. Alternative logging levels are `DEBUG`, `PANIC`, `FATAL`, `ERROR`, `WARN`, and `INFO`. 
```

By default, the logs are written to the standard output.
You can configure a file path instead using the `filePath` option.

```toml tab="File"

> # Writing Logs in a File

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Writing Logs to a File
```

[log]
  filePath = "/path/to/traefik.log"
```

```bash tab="CLI"

> # Writing Logs in a File

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Writing Logs to a File
```

--log.filePath="/path/to/traefik.log"
```

#### format

By default, the logs use a text format (`common`), but you can also ask for the `json` format in the `format` option.   

```toml tab="File"

> # Writing Logs in a File, in JSON

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Writing Logs to a File, in JSON
```

[log]
  filePath = "/path/to/log-file.log"
  format   = "json"
```

```bash tab="CLI"

> # Writing Logs in a File, in JSON

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Writing Logs to a File, in JSON
```
